Inspirational music playing in background...
- Let's check in with Violet
- Naww thanks Bijay, I’m so glad you listened to my problem.
I’m so much happier about the cleaning since we put the checklist in place.
Feedback and complaints play a valuable role in improving the quality of care and services.
Remember...Everyone should be encouraged and supported to provide feedback and make complaints.
All complaints should be dealt with using your service’s framework which should consider the 6 stages for complaints handling.
All staff have a responsibility to respond positively and appropriately to feedback and complaints.
Feedback and complaints: a gift to improve what we do!
Scroll down to find out where to go for more information.